breakfast: breakfast burrito, eggs, tortilla, chedder-cheese, and salsa
linner: mom made chicken tortillas - what a great mom :)

- [x] brushed teeth
- [x] showered
- [x] journalled
- [x] excersied
- [x] communicated with
	- [x] jam guys (see [[IndieGameBusiness Digital Events]]
	- [x] Anshul
		- [ ] about that invite
- [x] breakfast
- [ ] linner
- [ ] figure out that gas problem
- [ ] find the dates for the game developer business events.
	- [ ] add dates to my calander with lots of reminders. 
	- [ ] try to connect with that guy on linkdn??

6:30 PM
i know why I haven't done any iterations today.  I've been way too distracted with everything that is going on right now.  First I have that nut lump which I won't get any news on until Monday, so until then I have to just deal with the fact that I might have cancer; even though it's unlikely since the lump is not actually on my testical it's between my inner theigh and my scrotum.  So yeah, I definetly haven't been obsessing about that *at all*.... nope. nada. 

Then this morning I wake up to find out we got invited to a real game industry event with real game publishers!  see [[IndieGameBusiness Digital Events]].  So yeah there's that which I now have to think about and focus on.  **I need to get the dates for that event ASAP.**  Yeah but now I feel like I have even more pressure to get stuff done, and less time to do it because on one hand I might be dying of cancer and the other I have this big upcoming opportunity to get myself out there.  Gee I wonder why I haven't been able to focus for shit.  I should try using multiple desktops and keep all my social media/documentation (discord, obsidian) stuff on a separate desktop from my work stuff (rider, gitkraken, godot)