#daily-entry 

- Ollie had preschool and a playdate today
- i woke up and had cereal 
- i went back to bed

4:00 pm
i meditated

4:30 pm
tried to find something to eat but was unmotivated to actually ead anything due to the adderall

5:00 pm
sat down at the computer to start working on something but couldn't decide what to do.  I'm still very stressed about the application even though the profesor approved it, I still need anshul to sign it.  I messaged him but he last night but he hasn't gotten back to me yet. That's not super unusually for Anshul so i'm not super worried. I will feel a lot better once I'm actually enrolled though.  I feel like it's hard to focus on it when the fact that i'm still not officially enrolled is nagging at me in the back of my head and im too distracted to focus on it.  Maybe I should ask Anshul now, it's around 2:00 pm pst so now might be a good time.  He said he usually has time around 3:00.  I'll just send him a quick message asking him if he has recieved the email with my application yet.

5:10  pm
OK sent the following message to Anshul.  

*Hey Anshul, did you receive an email from my school (UIS) containing the application form? 
If you haven't gotten it yet lmk and I'll check in with the professor to see if he can resend it*

I think that's OK, right?  ... who am I asking??  i'm pretty weird...


5:39 PM
Anshul responded, he said he got it and will fill it out! Hurray, it's almost official.

6:37 PM
talked with Krakers on discord.  Think we might do a programming jam sesh this weekend.  Also I found out that others were misinterpretting my ideas as increases to the scope.  ideas aren't increases to the scope, they are just ideas.  The scope is the same as what it always was.  Well I guess it's a bit larger since I added gas.  I probably need to eat something.  