- [ ] Make today's TODO List
- [ ] [[Official Proposal|Complete IPL 301 Application]]
	- [ ] Gather Logistical Information
		- [ ] Personal Info
		- [ ] Credits
	- [ ] **Project Description**
		- [ ] Titles/Role
		- [ ] Site Supervisor Role
		- [ ] Required Skills
		- [ ] Tentative Timeline
	- [ ] Learning Objectives
		- [ ] improve Project Management skills and development methodology 
		- [ ] *"Physically Inspired Gases"* - *develop* a compressible fluid simulation using Cellular Automata
		- [ ] *"Seamless Storytelling"* - _practice_ interactive storytelling & world building
		- [ ] *"From Concept to Controller"* - _Improve_ Game Development Skills 
		- [ ] *"Knowledge Creation"* - _Improve_ Communication Skills
- [ ] Submit IPL 301 Application
- [ ] He
- [ ] Shower
- [ ] Brush Teeth
- [ ]
- [ ] Health 
	- [ ] Hygiene
	- [ ] Physical
		- [ ] Spend at least 30 minutes outside moving around (ideally walk to the mailbox and back)
		- [ ] Breakfast
	- [ ] Mental
		- [ ] Actually spend 15 minutes really journaling about this past week
		- [ ]  Sleep and/or meditate





Stuff I did today:
- installed Webstorm (jetbrains javascript ide) so I can develop my own obsidian plugins
- learned that for link to windows to work my phone needs to be on the same wi-fi as my computer (which it was not) 
- all the application shit


*8:06 AM*
didn't sleep  last night, was working on the application.  However it's been going fairly poorly, not because of lack of content; but because i've been having trouble getting it all organized.  I also waited to long to *read the fine print* on the application and the sample.  My feet really smell, I need to change into some clean clothes.  Then i'll probably meditate before finishing the application.  I believe I have all the required materials ready, I'm probably gonna be rushed tho.  Fuuuuuck me.... i'll be glad when this is submitted.  I gotta try to get some rest now I think, even if it's just laying down in bed for an hour and a half.  I don't think I'll be able to fall completely asleep, nor should I (if i did i would almost certainly sleep through my deadline).  But I really feel quite sick and unable to organize my thoughts.  I need a mental reset before I finish this application.

