#daily-entry

----

woke up (10:00 am)

ate breakfast with Matt.  Dad made us blueberry pancakes, which were delicious.

took shower

drove down to shell station to fill up gas tanks for the mower

spilled gasoline putting one of the canisters in the car, learned to always rotate the nozzle to face upwards.

got home and helped mom fill up the mower

left for delaware (2:00 pm)

had a very long conversation with steph about self-improvement and how to work on it and mental health.  The conversation started very badly but I did not give up, and tried my best to stay objective.  Steph reached a point in the conversation where she felt too mentally exahusted to continue.  Ironically, me acknowledging this as a legitimate complaint seemed to be what revived her from that state.  [[Steph 9-3-2022|I will ask her for her side of the story]] thought, since I feel the entire experience was a milestone for both of us.  We ended up talking about everything from "what should heaven be like" to "[[methods to tell someone what they are doing in a helpful way]]"

Ollie fell asleep in the car

we stopped at a truck stop about an hour away, steph got some food and coffee for us.  This was honestly the nicest, cleanest rest stop I've ever been to by a pretty wide margin.  It reminded me of a terminal at a first-world airport.  Also the men's bathroom was huge, it had like at least 12 urnals, idk how many stalls, and about 24 sinks, half of which were broken and covered in black plastic tarps.

we left the rest stop

we arrived in wilmington and went to target

we arrived at the house in delaware

Ollie is playing with Mum-mum in the play room, while I am writing this entry

-------

