#steph #daily-entry 
- Woke up at 10ish 
	- Okay, woke up at 8:30 with my alarm and then kept refusing to get out of bed and falling back asleep until I realized it was 10:00 and I should be awake already. 
- Took my meds (late, since I woke up late), got myself ready and Ollie ready to go downstairs to eat and play and all that jazz. Unfortunately I forgot to bring my clean clothes upstairs so I'm still wearing my PJ bra
- Breakfast:
	- Pancakes with Ollie
	- Talking to Matt and Gregg and Julie about something
	- Talked to Matt about stupid stuff like the nuances of language and tempurature scales, but like, as serious conversations
- Julie was making plans and asked when we were leaving for DE
	- I said we weren't 
	- Max said we weren't but it wasn't because of him 
	- Gregg and Julie *demanded* we go and offered to lecture Max about it
	- Julie said I need to yell at Max more like she does

**We ended up leaving

- Packing
	- I packed up everything we would need for the next 24 hours (Max didn't help, which is normal)
	- Max was supposed to go get gas for the tractor
	- I had everything ready
	- Max hadn't gone yet (annoying yet for some reason normal)
	- We didn't end up leaving until approx. 2 hours after we were supposed to (this is standard)
---

**The car ride**
Started off *rough* because Max and I got into a "conversation" about... communication... I think. It got to the point where Max and I were arguing about two *different* conversations without knowing it, and this happened multiple times. So I said I was done and that I was too tired to keep talking about this.
This sparked yet another "conversation" about _energy levels_ and how if I'm tired it means that I'm not trying hard enough. Although apparently this was also a missunderstanding, resulting in more frustration. This continued for approx. one hour.
[[9-3-2022 |Here is Max's side]]

Finally we were able to have and actual conversation and the car ride became enjoyable because I wasn't drained by having to try to clarify my words only to be misunderstood or vice versa.

We stopped for food at the Chesapeake House (rest stop) and I got food and coffee. Max peed. 

We finally got to the house when Max realized he had forgotten to get a lighter because apparently he had brought weed, even though we're only staying 24 hours. So we went to Target. When we got back Lizzi was leaving for work but I still got to say bye.

She seemed sad, but happy to see me. I don't know why she was sad or what made me think that. 

At some point after we left the house I found out Allie was only going to be at the house for a little bit before she leaves. I though I had relayed this to Max multiple times, but he was still upset when he found out.

My mom also seems sad. I don't know what I missed.

Ollie is playing in the other room and having a blast. 
